---
layout: post
title:  "Twenty Twenty Six"
subtitle: "What's Next?"
originally-posted: 2026-01-01
image: /assets/images/coffee4.jpg
image-alt-text: "Cappuccino and a sprig of lavender on a book opened to page about flowers"
categories: fresh editorial
---
Well, gosh.

The end of 2025 came round *quick*.  

Still plugging away at re-posting every week or so.  I partially re-watched the 'Winter' reboot episode twixt Christmas and New Year.  It's difficult watching them try so hard.  Still, nice to see them re-uniting.  Actors must have an unusual life, flitting between temporary colleagues from project to project.  What kind of toll must that take on their sense of tribal, or long-term 'work' relationships?  

I see there's new Gilmore-related news, books and revivals.  All well and good and covered by the regular press.  Glad to see there's still interest and love for the show.  

At the close of the year I managed to finish up writing another novel, titled *'Old Men and Sausage Rolls'*.  Available on Amazon now, and Lulu in the near future.  It's pretty much what it says on the tin: a lighthearted tale about a feisty, ageing posse who talk nonsense about life and pastries.  There's also the suspicious death of their pub landlord and a car chase involving a golf buggy in a hospital.  Amazon's cut is so eye-watering that I make about $1 from each sale so don't feel obliged just to sustain my pastry habit. 

Not much planned for 2026 except a hopeful slide back to a three-day work week.  It's always felt to me like a good work/life balance: being at work less than half of the week.  As a human race we've made such strides forwards in technology and efficiencies, but never stopped to recoup the time.  It feels like that's finally changing, with more of the workforce embracing part-time work options, even early on in careers.  For me, life is better measured in how you spend your time, rather than how much cash is in your collection.  

Do some good, if you can.  And get on that bucket list, it's not going to do itself.